---
layout: post
title:  "Text Editor"
date:   2020-10-10 22:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
Completed a few courses, including DC's Factor Analysis in R. Haven't done R for a while, so a lot of the basic syntax I have to relearn. Fortunately, I could get by with the exercise by looking at the PPT. I did manage to get the information I wanted and hopefully I can apply this to analyze LibQual+ data later. I am fairly convinced that this dataset is made to do Confirmatory Factor analysis, but I think the key question is that whether there is any insight we can obtain by doing so.

I have also completed DC's course for shell command, and currently working on the git one. The shell command course was really interesting, and certainly have brought my shell command skill to the next level. I however do need to spend some time to create my own cheat sheet and to consolidate what I have learnt.

The couple marketing analysis courses, also from DC, were interesting. The pandas course was fairly basic, mostly just apply what I already know. The basket analysis course was a bit more complicated, and I am yet to find a way to apply it to the library setting (unless, of course, the library wants to run their own recommendation system, based on maybe the genre/subject that the library users are interested in)

While working on the market basket analysis, I note that there is a dataset in Kaggle that was scraped from GoodRead. So, if I want to give basket analysis a try, that could be a good starting point.

This past one week, I haven't been spending much time on programming. I was mentally exhausted after work, and I have only spent last night and today to work on my programming skills. Today is a productive day, as today I have installed a few app to my computer, including Git Desktop, Atom, Nano. Right now, I am writing this through Atom, and will have this pushed to the depository later on. Atom is rather nifty and easy on the eyes. This weekend, I plan to spend a bit more time to finish DC's software engineering course. I have high hope for that one  
