---
layout: post
title:  "Standardized"
date:   2020-05-03 10:08:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
Happy New Fiscal! ,
Note to self: When building the pipeline to apply algorithms, don't forget to scale 

StandardScaler: documentation from Sklearn https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler.html

Also, may be a good idea to replace outliers with the threshold

Some random thoughts: 

- Crime Analytics from Chang's could be interesting. Since I would like CODG 102, it's worth considering. Geospatial is a board topic 

- Journal pricings : boxplot by subject area? maybe to identify journals that are 3 std away from the mean aka outliers? To see what characteristics these would have. The JCR score would probably be high. I wonder if there is a correlation there 

- Probably worth investing time to learn techniques for EDA than to learn dashboard. Dashboard is fun to play with and is flashy. But a lot of the insights come from solid understanding of statistics  

- API: learn to take advantage of the API to pull order stats? Maybe connect it to Tableau. cumsum to plot graph. Looks like that's the kind of insight CL would be interested in. 

- Redo the currency exchange ipynb? Of course should check for autoregression instead of just building a model based on random walk. Currency exchange continues to be a determining factor and is worth paying close attention to. Literature review from finance may give us insight 

- Heartbeat acoustic and NY Stock Exchange are interesting - can model to learn more about time series. Need much more practical experience to model time series data. 

