---
layout: post
title:  "Capstone"
date:   2020-04-10 12:32:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---

Yesterday, I uploaded the ppt I prepare for my capstone presenation next week. It was not my best work - I was really crunched this couple weeks, since my workplace was transitting to virtual environment and everything was in a fluid situation. Also, after the fact, I realize I might have intrepreted the assignment instruction wrong, for instance, I should have spent more time finding literatures that are technical in nature, not the ones about the subject (San Francisco Public Library and circulation). Today, I looked at some of the works done by my peers, and realized there are some many things I could have done differently to make it better. It was probably my domain knowledge in library science and humanities that have clouded my judgment. We conduct research in a certain way, which may not be appliable to data science. I should make a mental note here so that I will not make this mistake again. 

In hindsight, I probably should have picked another dataset as well, as I later found out there was not much I can do with this. Nevertheless, I am still glad that I manage to ship the products on time at every stage. As I grow older, I have learnt not to let perfectionism to hinder my performance. A product can always be better, but often with the time restraint there is only so much we can do. In any case, the completion of this capstone course marks my successful completion of this certificate program. This itself calls for celebration. 
