---
layout: post
title:  "Darkest Forest"
date:   2020-09-03 10:08:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---

"To the deepest, darkest part of the forest, so that we can all find our way out together" 
Rudestam and Newton. Surviving Your Dissertation. p. 3. 

- Made the decision of taking a break for a year or so. Taking a mental break to regroup, but also plan to get some writings done this year. If I decide to pursue a ph.D. later, it may strengthen the application. 

- Maybe a good idea to take a couple light courses. For instance, CMKT300 and CODG 102 are both undergraduate courses but could broaden the scope. However, the same goal could be achieved by reading books, e.g. Marketing Metrics 

- May be a good idea to write blog post regularly. That would keep me on track and I do have to work on my writing skills 

- Getting a ph.D. is still part of my 10-year goal. To achieve this would require : savings, buy-in from spouse, optimism, constant cultivation of abilities, mental strength, and the luck that nothing drastic will happen in my personal life. Support from employer will be an asset. 

- Will be a good idea to start doing some research on supervisors. This will affect the choice of school or even the subject area. 

- If the plan is to explore usage stats via data science, it is crucial to bring my programming skills to the next level. Practical skills (i.e. programming) is as important as the theoretics. 

- Actions :

1) List out papers/projects to write for this one year. Identify coauthors if needed and send preliminary emails to potential partners. 
2) Decide to take courses or not. 
3) Decide to do CAP exam this year or not
4) Decide to take GMAT this year or not
5) Make blogging a habit. Maybe every two weeks, post an update here, since I have this blog space sitting 
6) Work out what programming course to take in Datacamp and commit to build skills
7) Research on supervisors. Focus on iSchool Uoft or Western only for now? 
8) Schedule time to work on Kaggle 


