---
layout: post
title:  "Google Data Studio"
date:   2020-10-10 22:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
- This past one week or so has been productive. At work, I have given Google Data Studio a spin and created a dashboard to monitor law expenditure. Haven't heard any feedback yet and it still needs some tweaks. For instance, I still haven't figured out how to change the scorecard so that instead of 0.2 it will show 20%.  I also have to fix the control so that it will filter all the spreadsheet data simultaneously and only show the data of a particular fiscal year. Furthermore, it looks kind of bland, even though it serves its functional purpose. However, as my first spin, I am happy with the result. I have purchased a print book about Google Data Studio. Together with the Internet, I am sure I can get this one to work and then maybe I can apply such skill to create other dashboard.

- In DC, I have completed a few more course. Conda essentials was okay, but I don't think the skills I learnt here could have wider applications to my use of Python. The two courses I have taken about OOP were great. I learn tones, and can apply these new knowledge to my pet project for ezproxy. However, I do need to spend more time and find more resources to learn more in depth, e.g. decorators. The concept of decorator I have picked up from watching YouTube and now I know it better through DC, but I need to make sure I thoroughly understand this concept so that I can apply it accurately. Also need to see more examples with OOP Python programs.

- Working on a third course in DC re: classes in OOP. This looks like the last course about OOP in DC, but upon finishing this I can go back to work on that course about function. Function is kind of related to OOP.

- Yesterday, I looked at the Supply chain  Management certificate again. I had thought about getting the certificate because, after all, acquisition is part of the supply chain. But then, with limited budget, I couldn't afford to do both supply chain management certificate as well as aCap. Anyways, while pondering the idea of whether I should approach my workplace for professional development funding, it dawns on me that this itself could be a great topic for writing an article. The topic is related to how the library could be related to supply chain, how the university is part of the supply chain, and how bringing in business language to the library field (e.g. having a staff like myself to learn SCM)  can benefit the field as a whole. For many of us, we have a rather romantic idea about what library is and why we join the library - I myself just wrote that personal blog post about how important the mindset of "service" is for library not long ago. However, it is also important that we can think of library in terms of a business paradigm. Is it not true that an university library - and more broadly speaking an university - is under constant pressure to proof its societal value?  If for nothing else, we need to learn to pick up the pragmatic language so that we can protect that "inner child".  If I have the time to write this, it can be an interesting article.

- Since I finally bite the bullet and purchased a copy of ABOK, I have read the first two chapters. It is actually quite aspiring - I may even say it's worth that outrageous price of $170. Since I may be working on that project to consolidate the data gathering process in the library (I am not sure what the end product is supposed to be ... maybe a pipeline? ), when I was reading these first two chapters I thought about how it can apply to this particular project. I do plan to read one chapter every week, so that maybe by the end of the year I will be ready for the aCap exam. However, even with this book here now, I am not fully confident that I can pass aCap. I also have to take another look at the prep course. It's quite expensive, but maybe it's worth it?!
