---
layout: post
title:  "Plan"
date:   2020-09-13 10:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
- Took a GMAT prep test and had a rough idea what needs to be done should I decide to take the GMAT for real. The test itself is not hard, but preparation is a must. 

- Haven't registered for CODG 102 or CKMT 300 yet. If I am moving forward with this, registration must be done in this week (prior to Sept 17... I think). Very likely I will register for CODG 102 only or skip the whole semester for good. 

- Yes to CAP exam this year. I will take a look at the syllabus etc and get prepared 

- Yes to programming. Working out a schedule so that I can spend at least five hours a week to improve my programming skills. I do not want to go through courses too quickly, as I am not aiming at working on certficiates. Rather, I want to spend time to make details notes so that I can solidate the learning as well as create notes that I can refer back quickly 

- I will use my beloved printer to print out handout, so that I can take notes while watching video tutorials. I will then make my own note with Jupyter. I will also redo some of the courses, as I have gone through some of the DC courses too quickly. 

- Spend time to work on Kaggle projects to build some skills. There is no better way to learn programming than working on project. 

- I do want to spend some time to reflect and to develop my writing skills. 

Action 
- To review CAP criteria
- Decide to take courses or not 
- DC courses (five hours a week, supposed to be every weekday, after work, for one hour). Will print out the handout and work on the notes 
- Browser Kaggle. Haven't been there for a while
- Writing project? Blog post 
