---
layout: post
title:  "MScM"
date:   2021-02-05 22:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
Has it been four months since the last time I wrote? That probably means it has been four months since I opened my Atom and practice coding.

What have I done in the past four months? I stopped practicing so much on Datacamp since I started to prepare for my ischool application. So, I may need to go back and do more programming to keep my brain sharp. I do want to get to a stage when I can do modular programmer in Python. I have made some progress in this area, but really have to stay focus to advance.

So, I completed my ischool application. It was a great journey even just to complete the application, as it served as a window to look back at my past and to think about what I have done in the past twenty years. I did not have an easy time during my undergraduate years. Somehow, my twenties is a part of me that I have learnt to accept and then move on. It was because of this application that I looked back and thought about those years and some of the people I have met back then. I reread some of my notes I took in my undergrad, which prompted me to think about one of my favorite professors, whose lectures were the one thing I looked forward to.

 One of the regrets I had was that I failed one of his courses during a very difficult time of my life. It was not because I did not pay attention to his lectures. Ironically, it was because I was trying to derive too much personal meanings from Escape from Freedom that it paralyzed me during the final exam. So, right before the holiday, I decided to send this professor an email. I did not explain to him what had happened. I simply told him that I was doing well, and that I was applying for grad school. He wrote back warmly, and I ended the conversation with another email wishing him a Merry Christmas. The exchange between us was short, but in its way it closed that chapter of my life.

I haven't thought back about my undergrad years for a long time. But along the way I have met some really great professors. It surely built a strong foundations and so I can further my studies with AU.

And for AU, I am forever grateful. It is the place that let me grow intellectually. If I did not go to AU, it will be "Groundhog Day" for me - I will only be able to take undergraduate level courses due to the missteps in my undergrad years. AU has also given me the confidence, as it shows me that I am competent.

During the six years in AU, I had the opportunity to really think about how the educational system is designed and how it is related to me. I have moved past the stage wherein I MUST succeed. Instead of bestowing the educational system the power to judge me and control my destiny, I would rather view this as it should be - a system to facilitate the logistic of providing an education. That means it has to be human-centred. For me, right now, it is okay to fail as it is a proof that I am constantly challenging myself. If a student must get good grades to maintain her GPA, she is likely to choose easy courses, which are safer bet; but in the long run, this decision may hinder her chance to grow. Therefore, failure is okay. No problem.  

But now I am rambling, so I should stop. Will I be able to get in to ischool? Due to the fierce competitions this year, it is really hard to say. I am also not sure how my undergrad academic records will affect my chance. But it is okay.  If I cannot get in, I will try again.  Or I won't, because I find something else recently that is super exciting. 

Last year, I took a calculus course with a faculty from the business school, and he brought me into the grant application for a project that will use health data to do predictive analysis. The final product is a preventive program with a patient education element.  With my skills and academic background, I can make a real contribution.  I went to a few of the meetings this week and really loved it.

I am considering about applying MScM because of this. Even if I do not get into MScM, I still would want to contribute - maybe I will treat this as a volunteer position? It makes sense to me, as I am trying to find something to do since now I have left SJA. But since most of the graduate students are still in school, I might as well be one of them.

I just have to think about how to make it work ... how to finance this, how to juggle work and school at the same time.

Nevertheless, one of the reasons I decide to take a break from school this one year is because I want to think about what I want to do with my life. I haven't planned it out yet, but I do know that I am keenly interested in research. So, even if I have to take a pay cut to do this, I still want to make this work.
