---
layout: post
title:  "MScM "
date:   2021-04-11 22:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
Life is indeed full of surprises. For the past one year or so, I thought my next stop in life would be UofT. But then, it turns out I am just going to stay in the same school but change to a different faculty.
I received an offer for MScM, which I plan to accept next week.
This is a program that I applied in Feb 2021 and only completed the application in March. I did not apply for it originally because it is a full time program. But then, when I was studying for CAP, I found MS/OR is indeed very interesting and very close to what I want to do. In fact, it may suit me better than data science. So, I thought to myself, when there is a will there is a way. I can try to make this work.
Another crucial factor was that I was involved with a research project that I found personally meaningful. Originally, I thought maybe I would ask to be on the project on a volunteer basis when I am in the ischool. Because of this idea of applying to MScM, I approached the PI again slightly ahead of time. He was very supportive and told me he preferred I would go to MScM instead.
If I receive two offers, I may be in a dilemma. However, since I still have not heard back from the iSchool, my choice is very clear. I do not have any hard feeling towards the iSchool. Maybe I am not the right candidate, or maybe there is some administrative delay. In any case, this is just not meant to be.
Anyways, I am in fact super excited about MScM. I hope to be able to pass the CAP exam this year, and then focus on the program. Even better, it looks like I can use Python to do some of the scripting and may be even my beloved Jupyter. That is going to be awesome.   
For the summer, I plan to register at least one course, maybe two. CQMS 703 is a must, and then maybe CODG 101 can be a good choice. That way, when I complete the MScM, I can start to take some GIS courses such as CODG 132. It is just unfortunate that I might have to leave Business Decision Analysis certificate 5/6 completed. I have waited for a whole year, but only CQMS 703 is offered. I am not sure if I can register the certificate again after MScM.
