---
layout: post
title:  "M"
date:   2022-08-12 22:10:00 +0200
author: "Josephine Choi"
---
It's been one and a half year since I added the last note. Since then, I have been enrolled into MSCM and have just finished my third semester. I will finish my last MScM course in the Fall, while starting to work on my thesis.

The MScM program in now-TMU is actually pretty great. It is what I hope it would be, an opportunity to build up my quant skills. In addition, this is an in-person Master-level program, so I have opportunity to meet with my classmates and actually talk to people and do presentations. This aspect is a novel experience for me, as my MA-IS with Athabasca was an online program.

This program makes me feel I grow as a person and as a research. That makes me happy.

Nevertheless, the indpendent research projects that I try to do are not progressing as much as I would like it to be. I had at least three or four projects going on, but it turned out they are all flops. For instance, I was working on a systematic review with three or four Master and Ph.D. students, but few months into it looked like everyone lost interests; I was hoping to publish a paper in crime during COVID but nothing substantial findings were found right there... Anyways, all I can say is that I have picked up some skills along the way (e.g. Covidence), and it is probably normally that some projects will progress and some will not.

I do have a couple projects that are still live. One of them will be my final project for the thesis.

Anyways, I think in the next few months I will have a little bit more few time and I will have to code quite a bit. I am exploring Gaussian Mixture Model for a health project as well as working on PCA for EZproxy project, so that looks like it may be interesting. Another area that I will focus on in the next year or so is my writing skills. It is a key competency that I have to develop. If I get into the habit of writing regular, it may make the thesis writing process much smoother.
